{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\viewkind4\uc1
\fs22
\pard\sa240\sb240\fs40\b Zeni Real Estate Platform\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa240\sb240\fs40\b User Training Manual (User Guide)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Document version: 1.0\par
\pard\sa120 Last updated: 2026-03-16\par
\par
\pard\sa120 This manual explains how to use the Zeni web application for property discovery, messaging, viewings, and payments.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b Document Control\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Fill these in if required by your organization or school:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Document owner: (name / team)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Prepared by: (name)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Reviewed by: (name)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Approved by: (name)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Product name: Zeni Real Estate Platform\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Deployment URL: (for example, https://zeni.co.ke)\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b Revision History\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 | Version | Date       | Description              | Author |\par
\pard\sa120 |---------|------------|--------------------------|--------|\par
\pard\sa120 | 1.0     | 2026-03-16 | Initial user manual draft| (name) |\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b Table of Contents\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Introduction\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Roles and Entry Points\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Getting Started\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Public Browsing (No Account)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 5. User Portal (/app/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 6. Messaging (Chat)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 7. Viewings\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 8. Pay Portal (/pay/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 9. Agent Portal (/agent/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 10. Admin Portal (/admin/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 11. Security and Privacy\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 12. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 13. System Messages and Meanings\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 14. Troubleshooting\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 15. Glossary and Support\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 16. Index\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 1. Introduction\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 1.1 Purpose\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 This document provides step-by-step guidance for end users of Zeni, including:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Users (buyers/tenants)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agents\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin and finance users\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 1.2 Scope\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 This manual covers the Zeni web app:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Public pages (landing, map, listings)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet User portal (/app/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agent portal (/agent/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin portal (/admin/*)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Pay portal (/pay/*)\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 1.3 Conventions Used\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet URLs and routes appear like this: /app/explore\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Buttons and UI labels appear in quotes, for example: "Pay Now"\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Notes and warnings appear as callouts:\par
\par
\pard\li360\sa120\i Note: Helpful extra information.\i0\par
\par
\pard\li360\sa120\i Warning: Important information to prevent errors or data loss.\i0\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 2. Roles and Entry Points\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Zeni has different portals depending on your role.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 2.1 Public Site (no login required)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Landing: /\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Public explore: /explore\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Public map: /map\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Listing details: /listing/:id\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Neighborhood pages: /rent/:neighborhood and /buy/:neighborhood\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 2.2 User Portal (authenticated)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Main app: /app/*\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Key pages: /app/home, /app/explore, /app/messages, /app/profile\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 2.3 Agent Portal (agent accounts only)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Login shortcut: /agentlogin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Portal: /agent/*\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 2.4 Admin Portal (admin accounts only)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Login shortcut: /adminlogin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Portal: /admin/*\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 2.5 Pay Portal (separate session)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Login: /pay/login\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Portal: /pay/*\par
\par
\pard\li360\sa120\i Note: The Pay portal is a dedicated area for payments. It can keep its own session separate from the main user portal.\i0\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 3. Getting Started\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 3.1 System Requirements\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet A modern browser (Chrome, Edge, Safari, Firefox).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Stable internet connection (limited offline behavior exists, but most actions require connectivity).\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 3.2 Create an Account\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /register.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Enter your details and create a password.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Submit the form.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. After registration, you are taken to the portal that matches your account role.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 3.3 Log In\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /login.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Enter your email and password.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Select "Log in".\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Role-specific shortcuts:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agent login: /agentlogin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin login: /adminlogin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Pay login: /pay/login\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 3.4 Reset Your Password\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /forgot.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Follow the on-screen instructions.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Open /reset to set your new password (often via a link).\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 3.5 Offline Banner\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If you lose connectivity, Zeni may display an offline banner:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Message: "You're offline. Some actions may be unavailable. We'll retry when you're back online."\par
\par
\pard\sa120 When the banner is visible:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Browsing previously loaded content may still work.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Actions that require the server (login, saving, sending messages, payments) may fail until you are back online.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 4. Public Browsing (No Account)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 4.1 Landing Page (/)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Use the landing page to:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Understand what Zeni offers.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Navigate to explore, map, login, and registration.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 4.2 Public Explore (/explore)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Use the public explore page to:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Browse listings quickly without logging in.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Open a listing to see full details.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 4.3 Public Map (/map)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Use the public map page to:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Explore listings based on location.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Zoom and pan to different neighborhoods.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 4.4 Listing Details (/listing/:id)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 A listing typically includes:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Photos and key details (price, beds, baths, location, amenities).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agent information (when available).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Actions such as messaging or requesting a viewing (depending on your login status).\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 4.5 Neighborhood Pages (/rent/:neighborhood, /buy/:neighborhood)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Neighborhood pages provide:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet An overview of the area (when configured).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Live listings filtered to that neighborhood.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 5. User Portal (/app/*)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.1 Main Pages\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 The user portal includes:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Home: /app/home\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Explore: /app/explore\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Inventory: /app/inventory\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Saved: /app/saved\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Viewings: /app/viewings\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Refunds: /app/refunds (if enabled)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Messages: /app/messages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Profile: /app/profile\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.2 Home (/app/home)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Home is your starting dashboard after login. Typical items include:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Quick navigation to Explore, Saved, Messages, and Profile\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Highlights or recommendations (depending on configuration)\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.3 Explore (/app/explore)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Explore supports both list and map-based searching.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /app/explore.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Use filters (purpose rent/buy, price range, beds, baths, type).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Switch between "List" and "Map" views.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. In map view, you can use "Search this area" after moving the map.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 5. If compare is enabled, you can compare up to 3 listings.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 6. Use "Recently viewed" to quickly reopen the last listings you visited.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Explore filters reference (may vary by deployment):\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Purpose: rent or buy\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Price: minimum and maximum price\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Beds and baths: number of bedrooms/bathrooms\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Type: Apartment, House, Villa, Townhouse, Studio, Penthouse, Commercial, Office, Retail, Warehouse, Land, Other\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Verified only: if enabled, shows verified listings only (often enabled by default)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Amenities: DSQ, Borehole water, Generator, Fiber internet, Ensuite, Furnished, Gym, Pool, CCTV, Lift/Elevator\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Explore sorting reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Recommended\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Price (low to high)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Price (high to low)\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.4 Inventory (/app/inventory)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Inventory is optimized for scanning many listings.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /app/inventory.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Use the purpose toggle (for example, rental vs buy).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Scroll the listing list and open a listing to view details.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. If you receive a deep link with ?listing=<id>, the app can open that listing directly.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.5 Saved (/app/saved)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Saved is used to keep track of listings and searches you want to revisit.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Save a listing from Explore/Inventory using the heart/bookmark action.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Open /app/saved to view your saved listings.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Create and manage saved searches (filters + query).\par
\par
\pard\li360\sa120\i Note: Saved listings can be viewed even when offline, but actions such as messaging or requesting viewings still require internet.\i0\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.6 Messages (/app/messages)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Messages contains:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Inbox (conversation list)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Thread view (messages inside a conversation)\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /app/messages.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select a conversation in the inbox.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Type your message and send.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. If the conversation is tied to a listing, the thread may show the listing context at the top.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.7 Viewings (/app/viewings)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open a listing.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select "Request viewing".\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Submit the viewing request.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Track the viewing status under /app/viewings.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Depending on configuration, a viewing fee may be required. If prompted, use the Pay portal.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.8 Refunds (/app/refunds)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Refunds are part of "Zeni Shield" (when enabled).\par
\par
\pard\sa120 To request a refund:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /app/refunds.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select "Request refund".\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Choose an eligible payment.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Enter a clear reason (at least 10 characters).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 5. Submit.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 After submission, the request is reviewed and its status updates (for example, pending, approved, rejected).\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Refund eligibility notes:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Only completed payments that do not already have a refund request are typically eligible.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If no payments appear in the selection list, you may not have eligible payments yet.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 5.9 Profile and Identity Verification (/app/profile)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Profile is used to:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Update your account details\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Manage identity verification (KYC), when required\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If KYC is enabled:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /app/profile.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select the identity verification action (for example, "Verify my identity").\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Upload the requested document(s).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Track the verification status (pending, verified, rejected).\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 6. Messaging (Chat)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Messaging exists in multiple portals:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet User: /app/messages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agent: /agent/messages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin: /admin/messages\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 6.1 Start a Conversation From a Listing\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open a listing (/listing/:id or from inside /app/*).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select "Message agent".\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. The conversation appears in Messages.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 6.2 Tips for Effective Messaging\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Include the key details: location, budget, preferred move-in date.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Use one thread per property to keep context clear.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If you need support, use the support conversation when available.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 7. Viewings\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Viewings connect users and agents to coordinate property visits.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Viewing status reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet requested: the user submitted a request\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet confirmed: the agent confirmed the viewing\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet declined: the agent declined the request\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet completed: the viewing took place successfully\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet canceled: the viewing was canceled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet no_show: one party did not show up\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Operational rules (may vary by deployment):\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Viewing requests may require a minimum lead time (commonly 24 hours from now).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agents may have a daily limit of confirmed viewings (commonly 8 per day).\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 7.1 User: Request a Viewing\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open a listing.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select "Request viewing".\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Provide the requested information.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Track the request under /app/viewings.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 7.2 Agent: Manage Viewings\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /agent/viewings.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Review incoming requests.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Confirm, reschedule, or decline as needed.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Use messages to coordinate details.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 8. Pay Portal (/pay/*)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 The Pay portal is the dedicated place for payment actions and receipts.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 8.1 Key Pages\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Login: /pay/login\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Dashboard: /pay/dashboard\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Make payment: /pay/payments\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Transaction ledger: /pay/transactions\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Receipt detail: /pay/receipts/:id\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Pay profile: /pay/profile\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin reconcile (restricted): /pay/admin/reconcile\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 8.2 Dashboard (/pay/dashboard)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 The dashboard typically shows:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Total outstanding balance\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet A "Pay Now" action\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet A "View History" action\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Recent transactions\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 8.3 Make a Payment (/pay/payments)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /pay/payments.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Enter amount and choose a payment method (for example, M-Pesa STK, card, bank transfer).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Submit and follow the on-screen steps.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Track status under /pay/transactions.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 8.4 Transactions (/pay/transactions)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 The transaction ledger includes:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Status (for example, pending, paid, failed, reversed)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Amount and currency\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Reference information (when available)\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 8.5 Receipts (/pay/receipts/:id)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Receipts are available after a payment is confirmed as paid.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If you cannot find a receipt:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm the transaction status is "paid".\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Open the transaction and follow the receipt link.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 8.6 Admin/Finance Reconciliation (/pay/admin/reconcile)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Admin and finance users can:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Review pending/failed transactions\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Resolve or refund transactions (depending on role and configuration)\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Some actions may require "step-up verification" (a short code).\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 9. Agent Portal (/agent/*)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 9.1 Access\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agents can log in using /agentlogin.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Some agent accounts may require verification approval by an admin before full access.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 9.2 Main Pages\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Dashboard: /agent/dashboard\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Listings: /agent/listings\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Create listing: /agent/listings/new\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Edit listing: /agent/listings/:listingId/edit\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Boost: /agent/boost\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Leads: /agent/leads\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Analytics: /agent/analytics\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Verification: /agent/verification\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Viewings: /agent/viewings\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Messages: /agent/messages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Settings: /agent/settings\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 9.3 Verification (/agent/verification)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Agents submit verification evidence (and business documents if required).\par
\pard\sa120 Admins review these in the admin verification queue.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Agent verification status reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet unverified: verification not submitted or not started\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet pending: submitted and awaiting admin review\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet verified: approved by admin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet rejected: rejected by admin (resubmission may be required)\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If your deployment requires professional verification, you may be asked to provide an EARB number for manual verification.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 9.4 Listings (/agent/listings)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /agent/listings.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select "New" to create a listing.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Fill in listing details and upload images.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 4. Submit for review if required by your organization.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 After approval, listings become visible to users in Explore/Inventory.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Listing status reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet draft: not submitted / not visible to users\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet pending_review: awaiting admin approval\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet live: visible to users\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet rejected: rejected during review (fix and resubmit)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet archived: removed from active browsing\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Listing availability reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet available\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet under_offer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet sold\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet let\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Listing media limits (typical defaults):\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Maximum images per listing: 15\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Maximum image size: 10 MB per image\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Videos: not supported\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 9.5 Boost (/agent/boost)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Boost lets an agent request promotion for a listing.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /agent/boost.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Select a listing to promote.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Submit the request.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 The app confirms with a message such as "Campaign requested" and the team can follow up.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 9.6 Leads (/agent/leads)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Leads help agents track the status of client interest.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Lead stage reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet new\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet contacted\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet viewing\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet offer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet closed\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 10. Admin Portal (/admin/*)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Admins manage verification, moderation, and platform safety.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.1 Access\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Admins can log in using /adminlogin.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Depending on deployment, admin access may be restricted using:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Allowed email domains\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet IP allowlists\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Secure network policies (for example, a tailnet)\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.2 Main Pages\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Verification queue: /admin/verification\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin overview: /admin/overview\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Listings: /admin/listings\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Users: /admin/users\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Reports: /admin/reports\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Messages: /admin/messages\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Audit log: /admin/audit\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Network access: /admin/network-access\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Refund requests: /admin/refund-requests\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Settings: /admin/settings\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.3 Verification Queue (/admin/verification)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 The verification queue can include:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agent verification requests\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet New listing approvals\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet KYC (user identity verification)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Business verification (agent/company documents)\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common actions:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 1. Open /admin/verification.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 2. Expand a request to review evidence.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120 3. Select "Approve" or "Reject".\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Some actions may require step-up verification.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.4 Reports (/admin/reports)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Reports help admins track and resolve issues raised by users.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common report category reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet scam\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet abuse\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet duplicates\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet spam\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet other\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Common severity reference:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet low\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet medium\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet high\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.5 Audit Log (/admin/audit)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Audit logs record sensitive actions (for example, approvals, role changes, and reconciliation actions) to support traceability and compliance.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.6 Network Access (/admin/network-access)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Network access controls may restrict admin access by:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet allowed IP addresses (allowlist)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet secure network policies (for example, a tailnet)\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If you cannot access admin pages, confirm your network policy with your deployment owner.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 10.7 Refund Requests (/admin/refund-requests)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Refund requests appear here for review and resolution when refunds are enabled.\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 11. Security and Privacy\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 11.1 Password Safety\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Use a strong password and do not reuse passwords from other sites.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Log out on shared devices.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Reset your password if you suspect unauthorized access.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 11.2 Step-Up Verification (Admin/Finance)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Some sensitive actions can require an additional short code ("step-up").\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If you are prompted for step-up:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Enter the code provided by your organization.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If you do not have the code, contact your admin/finance lead.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 11.3 Identity Verification (KYC)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 If KYC is enabled:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Upload clear documents.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Wait for admin review.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Check your Profile for status updates.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 12. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: Why am I redirected away from /agent/ or /admin/?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Your account does not have the required role, or your role is pending verification.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: Why are listings not loading?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Check your internet connection, refresh the page, and try again.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: Why is my payment still pending?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Check /pay/transactions for status updates. If it remains pending, contact support with the reference and time.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: How do I reset my password?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Use /forgot and follow the reset steps.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: Why do I only see verified listings in Explore?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet The "Verified only" filter may be enabled by default. Turn it off to include unverified listings.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: Why can't I request a viewing for tomorrow?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Some deployments enforce a minimum lead time (commonly 24 hours from now) before a viewing can be requested.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Q: Why is my listing not visible to users?\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Check the listing status. Draft and pending_review listings are not visible to users until approved and live.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 13. System Messages and Meanings\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 These are common user-facing messages and what they mean.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet "You're offline. Some actions may be unavailable. We'll retry when you're back online."\par
\pard\sa120   - Meaning: Your device has no internet connection.\par
\pard\sa120   - Action: Restore connectivity and try again.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet "Refund requested"\par
\pard\sa120   - Meaning: Your refund request was submitted successfully.\par
\pard\sa120   - Action: Wait for review; check /app/refunds for status.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet "Invalid request" (refunds)\par
\pard\sa120   - Meaning: Missing payment selection or the reason is too short.\par
\pard\sa120   - Action: Select an eligible payment and enter a reason of at least 10 characters.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet "Campaign requested" (boost)\par
\pard\sa120   - Meaning: A request to promote a listing was submitted.\par
\pard\sa120   - Action: Wait for follow-up from the team.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet "Select a listing" (boost)\par
\pard\sa120   - Meaning: You attempted to submit without choosing a listing.\par
\pard\sa120   - Action: Select one listing and try again.\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet "Payment confirmed"\par
\pard\sa120   - Meaning: A payment status was updated to paid.\par
\pard\sa120   - Action: View receipt in /pay/transactions or /pay/receipts/:id.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 14. Troubleshooting\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 14.1 I Cannot Log In\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Use the correct login page: /login, /agentlogin, /adminlogin, or /pay/login.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm email and password.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Use /forgot to reset your password.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 14.2 I Cannot Access Agent/Admin Pages\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm your account role (user vs agent vs admin).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If your account is pending verification, wait for admin approval.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 14.3 The App Loads Slowly\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm your internet connection is stable.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Close other heavy browser tabs and try again.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If you are on mobile data, switch to a stronger connection.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 14.4 Receipts Not Found\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm the transaction status is "paid".\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If still missing, contact support with transaction details.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 14.5 I Cannot Request a Viewing\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Some deployments enforce a minimum lead time (commonly 24 hours). Try a later date/time.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet If the agent has reached a daily limit, choose another slot or try again later.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 14.6 Listing Photos Will Not Upload (Agents)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm each image is under 10 MB.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Confirm the listing has 15 images or fewer.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Try a different image format (for example, JPG/PNG) and try again.\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 15. Glossary and Support\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 15.1 Glossary\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Listing: A property advertisement posted by an agent.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Lead: A potential customer interaction related to a listing.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet KYC: "Know Your Customer" identity verification.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Step-up verification: Extra verification code for sensitive actions.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Receipt: Proof of payment issued after a transaction is paid.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sb160\fs26\b 15.2 Support\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120 Add your support details here:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Support email:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Support phone:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Support hours:\par
\par
\pard\sa120 ---\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sb200\fs32\b 16. Index\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Admin portal: Section 10\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Agent portal: Section 9\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Audit log: Section 10.5\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Boost: Section 9.5\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Explore (filters, map search): Section 5.3\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet FAQ: Section 12\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet KYC (identity verification): Section 5.9 and Section 11.3\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Lead stages: Section 9.6\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Listing status and availability: Section 9.4\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Offline banner: Section 3.5 and Section 13\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Pay portal: Section 8\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Receipts: Section 8.5\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Refunds: Section 5.8 and Section 13\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Saved listings/searches: Section 5.5\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Step-up verification: Section 11.2\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Viewings: Section 7\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\bullet Verification queue: Section 10.3\par
\par
}